Full Stack Engineer
A full-stack engineer is familiar with all aspects of the development cycle, including design, front-end development, web development, back-end development and system administration. While they aren't expected to be an expert in all of these areas, they are expected to be able to communicate and understand each of the functional parts. The Full Stack Engineer in Global Infrastructure domain will work with a team that's fully responsible for every aspect of the software development cycle, including software architectural design, data integration from various internal systems, building backend services for data recommendations, development of highly interactive web applications, software deployment using continuous integration tools, and monitoring to ensure high availability. The Full Stack Engineer will participate in all major software/architectural design decisions, help to define and optimize the team's development workflow, ensure code quality is of the highest possible quality, and ensure the team is adhering to software development best practices. Key responsibilities include: Work with development teams and delivery lead to ideate software solutions. Design user-side and server-side architecture. Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design. Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications. Understanding and implementation of security and data protection. Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency. Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software. Create security and data protection settings. Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design. Write effective APIs and technical documentation. Work with data scientists and analysts to improve software.

Back-End Developer
Works in an agile, collaborative environment across software architecture, understanding both front-end and back-end concerns, while specializing in the back-end. Works with client-server architectures, networking protocols, application development, and databases. Uses and develops RESTful APIs and web services. Understands user and system requirements. Develops using object oriented programming, multi-threading and concurrency. Plans, analyzes, designs, and constructs databases. Implements industry standards and best practices for database security and capable of analyzing and defining database and information security requirements. Develops structured query language (SQL) queries, back-end database stored procedures, or NoSQL queries. Works in programming languages like Ruby, Python, Java, Node.js, server-side JavaScript.

Front-End Developer
Works in an agile, collaborative environment across software architecture, understanding both front-end and back-end concerns, while specializing in the front-end. Work closely with designers to take wireframes from conception to implementation and work closely with back-end developers to ensure implemented UI code is unit tested and production-code ready. Code user interfaces, including interactions, responsive layouts, and styling. Use and contribute to the IBM Design System to implement UIs. Ensure user interfaces are accessible and enhance the performance of the application. Works in programming languages like JavaScript, Node.js or frameworks such as React, Vue or Angular. Skilled in UI development technologies such as HTML, CSS, JSON and API usage.


